annot: cut the onions into ¼ inch slices
ACTID: 0
PRED: cut
[DOBJ, food] the onions (-1)
[PP, other, into] 1/4 inch slices (-1)
annot: Add olive oil on the iron pan
ACTID: 1
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] olive oil (-1)
[PP, location, on] the iron pan (-1)
annot: sear the bratwurst
ACTID: 2
PRED: sear
[DOBJ, food] the bratwurst (-1)
[PP, food, ] (1)
annot: Add the onions onto the pan covering the bratwurst
ACTID: 3
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] the onions (0)
[PP, food, onto] the pan covering the bratwurst (2)
annot: Pour some german beer over the onions
ACTID: 4
PRED: pour
[DOBJ, food] some german beer (-1)
[PP, food, over] the onions (3)
annot: Remove the pan off the coal heat
ACTID: 5
PRED: remove
[DOBJ, food] the pan (4)
[PP, location, off] the coal heat (-1)
annot: close the grill lid
ACTID: 6
PRED: close
[DOBJ, location] the grill lid (-1)
[PP, food, ] (5)
annot: cook indirectly for about half an hour
ACTID: 7
PRED: cook
[DOBJ, food] (6)
[PP, other, for] about half an hour (-1)
annot: place the bratwurst on direct heat on the grill
ACTID: 8
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the bratwurst (7)
[PP, location, on] direct heat on the grill (-1)
annot: let it grill until cooked on both side
ACTID: 9
PRED: grill
[DOBJ, food]  (8)
annot: grill the sandwich roll along with the brats
ACTID: 10
PRED: grill
[DOBJ, food] the sandwich roll (-1)
[PP, food, with] the brats (9)
annot: place the grilled bratwurst in the sandwich bread
ACTID: 11
PRED: place
[DOBJ, food] the grilled bratwurst (10)
[PP, food, in] the sandwich bread (10)
annot: Add onions in between the bread
ACTID: 12
PRED: add
[DOBJ, food] onions (7)
[PP, food, between]  the bread (11)
annot: spread ketchup on the bratwurst
ACTID: 13
PRED: spread
[DOBJ, food] ketchup (-1)
[PP, food, on]  the bratwurst (12)
annot: serve
ACTID: 14
PRED: serve
[DOBJ, food] (13)